Mom, what are you talking about?
Wei Wei, you were born to be the life of the bottom
What else are you going to school for?
Come home with me, mom
I grew up dreaming
Just him, a singer.
You know that in order to fulfill this dream
How many days and nights have you worked hard
Why do you say the same thing as them?
Am I really your daughter?
It's mom, it's not for you, okay?
You said our house is a pancake stand
What other singer would you like to be?
This art
Is it something a family like ours can afford to learn?
Is it you who is quite self-aware?
A little girl with pancakes
What art are you doing?
Where did you get the money for art?
Take it away
Hey, okay, okay.
I'm taking him home now.
No, I'm not leaving.
I want to stay.
My Norwegian School
Won the gold medal in the Haicheng Music Competition